Streams

Valuable information has been flowing into Wampum over the last few weeks. These golden nuggets have provided insight into new items that are being searched for, such as pillowcases and furniture. They've also offered a deeper understanding of how people search on Wampum, when they do they search for a lot of items.

While helpful, I can't help but feel a bit like one of the overwhelemed souls who must have been sifting for similar golden nuggets back in the California Gold Rush of 1849. I've come up with a few, but am nagged by the uncertainty around how many more might be flowing to my left or my right, or whether I've dipped my pan into the wrong stream entirely.

I find gold mining, or at least my romanticized version of it, to be similar in a number of ways to the equally trying search for product market fit. Is it an unpredictable journey or is there a method to the madness? The following represents my take on the situation, but ultimately the coming months will hold the actual answer for Wampum.

--- insert photo here --- 

The Right Stream

I've never been a huge fan of the term "pivot" for start ups, as it implies a complete change of direction. I find the stream analogy to be more helpful(no anologies that don't involve water!). A company, like a stream, can start out in humble beginnings, and with little definition, and has the potential to grow into something as mighty as the Mississippi, or conversely it could peter out in some barren pasture in upstate Iowa. While the speed, and direction of the stream may change, the past still informs the present and the future. In other words, even in the ephemeral,  you have to pick a watershed. For Wampum, I would define this generally as the "materials reuse" watershed. Whereever things head, this is the space we are in, and I feel it is important to remain firm on that.



Where am I? Which direction is this thing flowing in? And who are those people on the other side of the bank? All questions I've asked myself in one way or another over the past few months. As a for profit startup in a traditionally non profit space(recycling), I've settled on 

2. If you're in the right stream, the right tools?


--- end with green green rocky road ---